2021-11-25 meeting minutes (#37)
solid/notifications-panel: meetings/2021-11-25.md

* RG: Can we start with an issue first?
* SC: If there is no issue, create one first, then PR and say this is in response to the issue. Do not include the requirements at this stage as the use case should be agreed first.

ACTION: SC to commit typo change.

PROPOSAL: SC to continue as editor.

* eP: +1
* RG: +1
* PE: +1

ACTION: SC to merge PR.✅

### Organise Proposals
* eP: Can we organise repos better. Move solid-webhook-notifications.md (and other files) to solid/notifications . Delete solid-notifications.md ?
* SC:  Moving and deleting these are both OK. How do we make sure there is some history maintained. DO we need to refer back from the solid-notifications repo to the last URL of the latest state of the old files.
* RG: A link back to the old file would be useful and a link in the old file pointing users to the new location.
* SC: We should not move/delete until we have agreed how to track history.
* eP: We need to avoid people corecting the wrong document

> * SC: Until we have the connection to the proposal commit we should not delete it
> * eP: In a README put the link to tranck thereference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SC: Until we have the connection to the proposal commit, we should not delete it
* eP: In a README, put the link to track the reference.
```

* RG: So this is a temporary holiding place for anything related to notifications until we find the right home?
* SC: It is an incubation space. Not everything will be taken up within the panel.

ACTION: eP to move the webhook document.
ACTION: SC to delete the notifications protocol under notifications-panel proposals/.

* eP: Do you have a preference for a webhook directory or drop files in the root - I prefer a directory.
* SC: The protocol was done a particular way which could be used as a pattern. You can see the repo is called notificaitons and if the file is called protocol, e.g., end up with https://solid.github.io/notifications/protocol (using GitHub pages for now for the Editor's Draft). And then if/when a version is published at solid/specification (PR'd), it'll be published under `https://solidproject.org/TR/{shortname}`.
* eP: Problem with page rendering whilst loading dokieli so suggestion is to use `deferred`.
* SC: It already loads after a `documentLoaded` event but I will look into it.
* eP: There is an issue #36 referencing this and loading async.
* eP: So I will call the file webhooks.md? We can adjust it later if needed.

> * SC: That's good, but it's a description type so should it be webhook-subscription?
> * SC: We should keep the names consistent.
> * eP: OK I'll go with webhook-subscription.md.
> * SC: The problem with the slash directory is that GitHub pages quietly loads index.html but when we move it to a solid server, if spec is on a `/` it will be a problem further down the line. That's why we use an actual name instead of slash. In this case at github.io, `notifications` is the directory and we are not expecting a lot at this root so `protocol` is fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SC: That's good, but it's a description type so should it be `webhook-subscription`?
* SC: We should keep the names consistent.
* eP: OK I'll go with `webhook-subscription.md`.
* SC: The problem with the slash directory is that GitHub pages quietly load `index.html`, but when we move it to a solid server, if spec is on a `/`, it will be a problem further down the line. That's why we use an actual name instead of slash. In this case at `github.io`, `notifications` is the directory, and we are not expecting a lot at this root, so `protocol` is fine.
```
